POL-317_Updated cost details (#634)
flexera/policy_templates: cost/azure/old_snapshots/README.md

This Policy finds Azure snapshots older than the specified days and deletes them.

### Policy savings details

The policy includes the estimated savings. The estimated savings is recognized if the resource is terminated. Optima is used to receive the estimated savings which is the product of the most recent full day's cost of the resource * 30. The savings is displayed in the Estimated Monthly Savings column. If the resource can not be found in Optima the value is N/A. The incident message detail includes the sum of each resource Estimated Monthly Savings as Total Estimated Monthly Savings.

> If the user is missing the minimum required role of `billing_center_viewer` or if there is no enough data received from Optima to calculate savings, appropriate message is displayed in the incident detail message along with the estimated monthly savings column value as N/A in the incident table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is missing the minimum required role of `billing_center_viewer` or if there is not enough data received from Optima to calculate savings, an appropriate message is displayed in the incident detail message along with the estimated monthly savings column value as N/A in the incident table.
```
